### Personal Information
#### Name: Zeheng Yang
#### Nation: China
#### School: Tianjin University
#### email: yangzeheng@tju.edu.cn
#### address: Tianjing University, Nankai District, Tianjin, China
### Research Direction
#### Majored in Electronic Engineering, I sometimes need to use software programme to connect hardware facilities with computers. So mainly I manage to practise my programming capability.
### Research Project
- **Project 1: Maze**
#### We made a maze program using C++, which can be automatically and randomly generated according to the size set by the operator, and can be manually controlled.If you don't want to do it manually, it can also find the path automatically.

- **Project 2: Simulation of color resolution of F-P Interferometer**
#### A stable distribution of light intensity can be formed when the beams that meet the coherent conditions meet and superimpose in space, and a stable interference fringe can be obtained by using optical screen receiver.Similarly, when light from a monochromatic point source passes through a not too large round hole, the screen behind the hole will also appear as streaks of light and dark in a geometrically shaded area.The geometric dimensions of these fringes can be calculated and are of the same order of magnitude as the wavelength of light, allowing precise measurements to be made on very small quantities.
#### Based on the principle of multi-beam interference and multi-slit Fraunhoffer diffraction, the device can obtain the difference between wavelengths by the difference of the stripes generated by different wavelengths of light, and it can be learned that the resolution power A of the two has similar expression form in learning.
#### We try to simulate such process on computer by Matlab.

- **Project 3: Binocular matching assisted by structured light**
#### Other than hardware devices, we still need programme to help us analyses the data. We use Matlab to match the two pictures. Finally we achieve pixel - level matching accuracy.

#### All files and part of codes related to above projects can be found on my homepage.
